fix: dependabot commit config (#34149)
github/docs: content/code-security/dependabot/dependabot-version-updates/configuration-options-for-the-dependabot.yml-file.md

  | `indirect` | `bundler`, `pip`, `composer`, `cargo`{% ifversion dependabot-updates-gomod-indirect %}, `gomod`{% endif %} | Dependencies of direct dependencies (also known as sub-dependencies, or transient dependencies).|
  | `all` | All | All explicitly defined dependencies. For `bundler`, `pip`, `composer`, `cargo`,{% ifversion dependabot-updates-gomod-indirect %} `gomod`,{% endif %} also the dependencies of direct dependencies.|

>   | `production` | `bundler`, `composer`, `mix`, `maven`, `npm`, `pip` | Only dependencies in the "Production dependency group". |

Reviewer: but when changing one, the other has to be changed too:

```suggestion
  | `production` | `bundler`, `composer`, `mix`, `maven`, `npm`, `pip` (not all managers) | Only dependencies in the "Production dependency group". |
```

>   | `development`| `bundler`, `composer`, `mix`, `maven`, `npm` | Only dependencies in the "Development dependency group". |

Reviewer: this is not correct, as stated in the issue **some** of the pip managers do support it. if must be, add a note?

```suggestion
  | `development`| `bundler`, `composer`, `mix`, `maven`, `npm`, `pip` (not all managers) | Only dependencies in the "Development dependency group". |
```

   The code snippet below provides examples of both in the same configuration file.

* `prefix-development` specifies a separate prefix for all commit messages that update dependencies in the Development dependency group. When you specify a value for this option, the `prefix` is used only for updates to dependencies in the Production dependency group. This is supported by: `bundler`, `composer`, `mix`, `maven`, `npm`, and `pip`.

> * `include: "scope"` specifies that any prefix is followed by a list of the dependencies updated in the commit. Values possible values for list of dependencies are: `deps`, `deps-dev`

Reviewer: the issue raised there is really no list, so perhaps:

```suggestion
* `include: "scope"` specifies that any prefix is followed by the type of the dependencies (`deps` or `deps-dev`) updated in the commit.
```
